Make ccache optional (and more) (#264)
ropensci/tic: vignettes/ci-providers.Rmd

For Linux, add `sudo R CMD javareconf` to stage "[Linux] Prepare".
We currently do not support Java on Windows.

### ccache

If you have a huge dependency chain and compiling many packages from source (especially on R-devel), `ccache` can help to speed up package installation.
It is recommended once your dependency installation time is higher than 30 minutes.

> Once the `ccache` cache is build, compiled code will almost run instantly.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Once the `ccache` cache is build, compilation will complete much faster.
```

The `ccache` cache itself is only invalidated once a month.
This means package installation can make use of the cache in 29/30 days in a month.

The downside is that `ccache` needs to be installed and configured.
This happens in every run, i.e. also in runs in which `ccache` is not used because a package cache already exists.
Installation can take up to 1 min, depending on the platform.

> Note that `ccache` won't be used on Windows since only binaries are used on this platform.

Reviewer: Would it even work?

Author: If there would be a compiler, it would.

But this and the burden of installing `ccache` in the first place is not worth it.
